DBZ-5336 Add note about escaping dot (.) characters (#3680)
debezium/debezium: documentation/modules/ROOT/partials/modules/all-connectors/con-connector-incremental-snapshot.adoc

The `data-collections` array for an incremental snapshot signal has no default value.
If the `data-collections` array is empty, {prodname} detects that no action is required and does not perform a snapshot.

[NOTE]

> ----
> If one of the {data-collection}s being snapshot contains a dot in the database, schema, or table name, the {data-collection} parts should be escaped with double quotes.
> For example, a table with the name `"My.Table"` in schema `public` should be written as `"public"."My.Table"`.
> ----

Reviewer: ```suggestion
====
If the name of a {data-collection} that you want to include in a snapshot contains a dot (`.`) in the name of the database, schema, or table, to add the name to the `data-collections` array, you must escape each part of the name in double quotes. +
For example, to include a table that exists in the `public` schema and that has the name `_My.Table_`, use the following format: `"public"."My.Table"`. 
====
```
